
9 - Council Clerk

The council clerk will give you a series of quests during the game, and she'll also reward you when you've cleared an area of the city (whether it's a quest she's given you or not). Generally, once you've completed one quest, another one will become available.

We won't comment on every quest here (since there are well over a dozen). Instead, we'll describe some of the less obvious ones.

a) Investigate the auction in Podal Plaza. When you enter the area, you can disguise yourself as monsters and then listen in on the auction. After the scene has played out, you can return to the clerk and receive about 1200 total experience.

b) Find books, maps and tomes. You can do this in Mendor's Library. There are 9 books in the library, and each one you bring back will net you around 500 total experience and 100 platinum pieces.

c) End the graveyard menace. If you accept this commission then the clerk will give you a two-handed sword +1, +3 vs. undead. You can get to the graveyard by selecting "bay" at the dock, "north" in the bay, and then by using one of the northern exits in the Kovel Mansion area. For clearing out the graveyard, you'll receive about 30,000 total experience, plus some money and jewels. You might also win a "special prize" for ending the menace. The prize is worth about 60,000 experience, plus some jewels.

d) Prevent the nomads from joining the enemy forces. The Nomad Camp is located in the Wilderness. You can either help the nomads fight off some kobolds, or you can kill the nomads (or let the kobolds kill them). You'll receive about 6000 experience and some jewelry for your efforts.

e) Find the source of the river's pollution and end it. For this you'll have to go to the Pyramid north of New Phlan, kill a sorcerer there named Yarash, and destroy his equipment. You'll receive almost 35,000 experience plus some platinum and jewels as your reward.

f) Prevent the kobolds from joining the enemy forces. You'll find the kobolds in the Kobold Cave in the Wilderness, and all you'll have to do there is defeat their king. You'll receive about 6000 total experience and some gems as a reward.

g) Prevent the lizardmen from joining the enemy forces. You'll find the lizardmen in the Ruined Castle in the Wilderness, and, like the nomads, you can either fight them or help them. As your reward, you'll receive about 15,000 total experience, plus some money and jewels.

h) Rescue the heir to the house of Bivant. You can find the heir in the Buccaneer Base in the Wilderness. You'll have a few ways of rescuing him, including simply buying him from the buccaneer captain. For your reward, you'll receive about 19,000 total experience, a two-handed sword +1, +3 vs. undead, some clerical scrolls, and some jewelry.

After you've completed two quests (or cleared two areas), the clerk will tell you to see Councilman Cadorna in the room to the east (#18). After you've completed three quests, the clerk will tell you to see Bishop Braccio (#19). After you've completed about a dozen quests, the clerk will tell you to see Councilman Cadorna in his chambers to the south (#21). And after you've completed Cadorna's second task, the clerk will tell you to see Lord Urslingen in his room (#22). 
